We give thanks for the gift
of King T'Challa.
The Black Panther.
Son of King T'Chaka.
My son.
Descendant of the venerable
king Bashenga,
the first Black Panther.
We release you.
Praised be the ancestors.
France knows that Vibranium can be used
to make weapons of mass destruction.
It does not activate
any known metal detectors.
It is a threat to global security and
the non-proliferation treaty.
I lost the security cameras.
Everybody on the ground, now!
Face down! Fast!
Where are the Vibranium tools?
Who has access?
On your knees!
You're welcome.
Go!
My queen.
My queen,
Yes, my queen.
Oh!
Kill the scientist.
I'll take care of the witnesses.
Understood.
Kill that woman first.
Go to Namora.
You are not worthy of my weapon.
Why are you taking so long?
There is no time for games.
Do you allow me to speak...
my queen?
I beg you
I ask you, mother.
Hello.
Did you come to see the headmistress?
She is over there.
Very good.
Hello.
Please give us a moment.
Thank you.
That was a long time ago
Princess.
Here the royalty wear traditional clothes.
We made it for you.
Come with me.
Do you want to eat?
-Hello lady. Nice to meet you.
-How can I help you?
My name is Maria Aldaña.
I am a student from Mérida.
I'm not interested,
please go away
Yes of course. I don't want to disturb you.
Can you give me just a moment
Is that my professor mentioned a study,
where you told some researchers,
you had an encounter with something,
with someone amazing.
Nothing good came from talking to those strangers.
-But, please.
-Go away now.
I met him too.
Sometimes we saw a man,
with wings on his feet,
walking along the shore of the sea.
We thought it was a spirit
Ku’ku’lkán,
our the Feathered Serpent God.
Of that kingdom
and from the kingdom below.
I would really like to go to that beach.
But i warn you.
Ku'ku'klan, has been here
much longer than you or me.
Others who searched for him
with evil in their heart,
didn't return.
Stay lost in the deep forever.
No. My baby.
Your baby is sick.
Only this will heal him.
Your baby will be the first to be born
in our new home.
Take this gift as a promise...
He will be our new king.
Let's go!
Who is that kid?
You have been summoned...
K'uk'ulkan.
Drop your spear!
Kill the princess!
Drop the knife.
You...
You killed her.
Let her go
and you won't have to die.
Move your left arm
You're welcome.
What happened, my girl?
The Wakandians.
They came for her.
K'uk'ulkan...
can you save me?
Is she dead?
Yes.
Rest, my child.
Did they came...
while you were talking with the queen?
We shouldn't have trusted her.
The princess has seen our home.
What will prevent them...
from attacking Talokan?
I will do it.
Rise Talokan!
I was blinded...
by hope...
of partership.
And...
I have compromised
all of us.
Talokan...
will not move
again.
Namora.
Attuma.
When we are done with them...
they will never think...
of approaching...
Talokan!
Rise Talokan!
Thank you, sister.
Take care of him.
Turn around!  Turn around!
Take the boy.
Warrior!
...my child.
Yes.
We'll find your mom, okay?
The defenses have moved away from the palace.
Now it's up to you.
Help!
Help the child.
Come on, my queen.
Wake up, my queen.
Let me see.
Wake up.
Wake up, mother.
She already died.
Listen to me.
Hello, Suri.
You did it!
Ramonda.
We beg you to come to your daughter.
Are you okay?
What happened?
Yes.
Breathe.
K'uk'ulkan, they are using another
vibranium detector machine in the ocean.
Where?
Get out of the water!
Sink the ship!
Warrior!
Do you speak the mother tongue?
You will be able to greet your ancestors with it...
You will greet your ancestors..
I need water.
Imperius Rex.
I surrender.
Talokanils!
Let's go home.
Our fight here is over.
What worries you, my girl?
All my life I wanted to fight by your side...
The idea of ​​you kneeling
before the Wakandians...
The Black Panther had
many reasons to kill me.
Why do you think she didn't do it?
The Black Panther is
the most powerful person...
of the most powerful nation
of the surface.
But she doesnt have allies.
Now she feels empathy
for the people of Talokan.
With this alliance...
Talokan will be stronger than ever.
The surface world will go for Wakanda.
and Wakanda will come to us.
Trust me.
Let's go.
Thank you.
It was nothing
Welcome!
Who are you?